# Error codes W400-499

These errors originate from [PageObjects](https://packagist.org/packages/sensiolabs/behat-page-object-extension), which are used by the drivers to interact with WordPress in a way that prevents code duplication and promotes re-use.

## W400
> Metabox "(...)" not found on the screen.

The browser cannot find the specified metabox on a content's new/edit screens.
Does the user's role give visibility of the metabox? Is the metabox registered for the content type?

## W401
> Expected screen is the wp-admin dashboard, instead on "(...)".

The browser is on an unexpected screen.
Did something cause a redirect to another screen? Has the user authenticated?

## W402
> Expected screen header "(...)", found "(...)".
> Header could not be found

The browser is on an unexpected screen, or the screen has unexpectedly changed.
Did something cause a redirect to another screen? Has the user authenticated?

## W403
> Toolbar link "(...)" could not be found

The specified item could not be found in the WordPress Toolbar.
Has the user authenticated? Does the user's role give visibility of the toolbar item?

## W404
> Search field in the toolbar could not be found

The search field in the WordPress Toolbar could not be found.
Has the user authenticated?

## W405
> Menu item could not be found

The specified item could not be found in the WordPress Admin Menu.
Has the user authenticated? Does the user's role give visibility of the toolbar item?
